Weber tracks it down inside his own line. Gets it off to Ristolainen. Got it up on the wing. Brian.Gionta kept it in. Goes in wide of the net. Covered up by Kinkaid. And he spins it off the glass. Brian.Gionta, holding it in there. Brian.Gionta, trying to kick it free, and it’s scooped around behind the net, recovered by Adam.Larsson. On to Center, Ristolainen will put it right back in again. Greene, tracking it down behind his net. He squeezes it up on the wing and feeds it away to center ice. Here’s Stephen.Gionta.

Long shot that goes off the leg and cleared in front of the net. Jumps over the stick of Tootoo and is rolled out to center ice. merrill is there to clear it ahead. Broken up by Strachan. And the Devils will try it again with the pass up on the wing. Sent in over the line. And by Havlat, that goes behind the net. Picked up back there by Zajac. And now scooped out through center and into Jersey territory. Both teams will be afforded the opportunity to make a change. Off the boards and ahead. Finally cleared in deep. That’s steered around on the wall. Hodgson on to center ice. Deslauriers steers it in over the line and chases after it. Hodgson dumps it in front, but it’s cleared way from in front of the net and recovered by the Devils. Battling forward is Henrique. He got turned around, steered it to the corner. Grigorenko couldn’t come up with it. Pass to Deslauriers . And a shot off the leg to Grigorenko. Grigorenko gets squeezed out on the wall. Deslauriers, helping out. Cleared around by Mark Fraser. That will bounce through center ice, and Zadorov is back after it. Zadorov’s pass up on the wing, flipped in by Dalpe. Got it to Dalpe in the corner. Dalpe fending off a check into Ellis. He’s bumped from behind but still has the puck. Strachan, a shot, deflected just wide. Taken now and cleared along the boards to the blue lines but not out. Peter Harrold gets out. larsson will feed it through center ice. Benoit comes over to step into Harrold. And it’s going to be scooped away by Lindback. Again, the teams changing. Three minutes gone here in the opening period. Benoit, he’ll gain center and rip one into the corner. Tipped off the boards though. Zubrus let it go and comes into center ice. Back in over the line for Stephen.Gionta. Off the leg and taken away in ahead. Front of the net and cleared. Here’s a breakaway pass now.In over the line is Foligno. Into the backhand. Kinkaid makes the save. The puck eventually ends up into the net, but the net is nowhere near the moorings. Holding call against the New Jersey Devils. Severson is coming back, and he’s going to get a holding call. Timing it, waiting for his opportunity to get himself in there. They didn’t want to try it too early.

Sabres, going to the power play. First power play of the game belongs to Buffalo. Tapped around behind the Jersey net and rifled off the boards. Ristolainen couldn’t keep it in. That goes to center. Moulson tries to take it free. Picked up there by Greene, and he will laugh it all the way down the ice. Lindback throws it down, and he gets it off to Ristolainen. Up on the wing. Gloved in by Johan.Larsson. Got it into the corner. Got after it again, Buffalo holding it in. Wheeling it back to the point. Over to Ristolainen. Ristolainen drops it back. Ennis scoops it to the side. Gionta, looking to slide it on into the corner, accepting a return pass that goes eventually over to Ristolainen. Now to Ennis. Ennis takes a shot, blocked in front of the net. And chopped out to center and down the ice momentarily. Stephen.Gionta chased after it then elects to go to the bench. Buffalo’s Brian.Gionta starts away. Here’s Ristolainen. Clubbed in by Benoit. Ripped on into the corners. Sabres keeping it alive, still 45 seconds remaining on the power play. But now it’s taken away, cross ice, but held in there by Benoit. Benoit, out in front. Over the stick of Hodgson. Now the Devils bring it back again. Zubrus scoops it in over the line. Out comes Meszaros. He takes one on the boards but gets it in deep. And it’s steered back into the corner, taken away by Varone. Meszaros gives it to Varone. Keeping it in the slot area. Whacked at. Came back to Varone again. To the point to Meszaros with a long screen shot that misses. The Devils have returned to full strength. Back in the corner, taken away by NJ Larsson. up the middle. Trying to get free was Havlat. He didn’t have any luck. Dalpe, ripping one off the glass. Goes back into the corner. Dalpe steps into Greene. but the Devils come up with it and brought away by Merrill to center ice. That will be scooped in. Behind the Buffalo net for Zadorov. Zadorov loses it in the corner, comes back to the point. Merrill, keeping it in. That gets blocked right in front of the net. But it’s stolen back again and set up on the wing to Dalpe. Dalpe, tapping it in. He heads to the bench with his teammates, for a rest.  And chasing back after it, Damon Severson. Flipped in by Merrill. Around into the corner, back behind the Buffalo net again. Weber gets there first, tried to chop it around on the boards. Getting some help from Johan.Larsson. The Devils keep it in and now lose it. Moulson whacks away at the puck. Finally picked up by Ruutu. Ruutu tried to swing it in deep. back in behind the net. Ristolainen fell. Ruutu still got the puck in the corner, then lost it. Then Ennis couldn’t get it out. The Devils keep it in. Ennis steals it back. Ennis with Moulson. Back to Ristolanien. The shot right on Kinkaid. The save, they score! It was tipped in. Johan.Larsson, I believe, got a piece of it! And Buffalo takes a 1-0 lead. No goal.

Strachan. Strachan ripping it across ice. Now the pass through the middle, knocked down. This game remains scoreless. Seven minutes into the opening period. Lindback swings it around the boards. Tipped back into the corner for Benoit who gives it to Strachan. He gets it up on the wing. Hodgson rifles the pass across too far for Deslauriers. They’re going to rule it a high stick.

Faceoff, deep in the jersey end. As Varone comes out to take it against Stephen.Gionta. he wins the draw. Around behind the net. And it’s sent off the boards and all the way through center and down the ice. Zadorov, catching up with it. He’ll drop it back into the corner. Tipped around by Varone. And now for Meszaros. Meszaros, a long pass ahead. Failing to get away is Varone. Followed by Foligno, a shot that hit a leg. It’s back in the other direction by Ryder. He got to the Buffalo line. Goes after it again and swings it around behind the net for Zubrus. Zubrus, back to the point. Kicked over to Merrill with a screen shot. I think it’s Stephen.Gionta in front of the net. Kicked off the boards. Not out of the zone though. Devils keeping it in. Buffalo getting it back and sliding it over to Brian.Gionta. Brian flipped it off into the corner. Foligno chipped it back in the other direction. That’s taken away by Ryder. He gains the Buffalo zone. Drops it back. Cleared in front. His shot was deflected by Johan.Larsson. Up on the wing to center ice. Tapped in by Moulson, covering up quickly was Severson. Back in over the line again. A chance for the Devils. Gomez, he can’t get anywhere. Ennis starts away with a cross-ice pass that’s too far for Johan.Larsson and taken back by Adam.Larsson. Up on the boards and brought away to center ice. Gomez spins it on for Henrique. He got it back to Gomez. Tried to clear it in front of the net. Couldn’t get it all the way over to Bernier, however. Battle in behind the Buffalo goal. Weber, trying to tie up his man, and doing a pretty good job of it. Ristolainen has an eye on Gomez. Squirts free and goes to the corner. Ennis, across ice. Pass up on the wing will be scooped in and Buffalo will do some changing. Ennis, chasing after Green went all the way around to Adam.Larsson. back to Andy Greene. Pass up on the wing, fed back to the middle by jofesson. Taken away by Buffalo’s Deslauriers. Charges in behind the net. Bumping into Greene. Kicked free in the corner. Deslauriers has it again. He rifled it back to the point. Benoit had no chance to get over to keep it in there. Benoit, back to pick it up. He’ll gain center ice and feed it on in. Kicked into the corner and bounces over the stick of Strachan and all the way back to Benoit. He ripped it up through the middle. That one is knocked down. Recovered again by Buffalo. Shoveled in with one hand by Deslauriers. Picked up finally by Gelinas. Sending it on to Center Ice, brought in over the line. Zajac with 9:28 to go whistled for offsides.

Now the faceoff is going to come outside the Buffalo line. Drops the puck. Brian.Gionta tried to hack it in. That was taken out of the air, gloved ahead, and the hand pass is called.

Ristolainen. Weber to Ristolainen again. Kicked in over the line. Taken out of the air. Ristolainen can’t keep it in, again. And the Devils bring it back in over the line and a shot off the goal post! And around on the boards, and Brian.Gionta tried to work it out of there. Came back to the point. Devils, keeping it in. To Zubrus. In front of the net. And too many passes by New Jersey. It’s cleared along the boards but not out. Now kicked back into the circle. Kept in by the Devils, once again. Ryder. That’s in wide of the goal. Stephen.Gionta’s shot sails all the way around to the other side. Moulson takes it back. Trying to flip it around into the corner. He ran into a pair of skates. Now he goes after it again. Devils come up with it again. Ryder, tapping it back. All the way to the point. Long shot by Adam.Larsson, deflected wide. Devils putting heat on here in the Buffalo end. Around behind the net. Stephen.Gionta tries to get around Weber. Picked off by Ristolainen and steered over on the wing but not out. Jersey keeping it in with Greene, sending it around the board. Varone steps into his man. Around behind the Buffalo net. Picked up by Ryder. Tipping it back to the point. Long shot, that gets knocked down. Finally cleared out of the zone. A little too much mustard on it. Icing against Buffalo. And the Sabres are gassed. 
Johan.Larsson battling for it in the corner. Taken back again by Bernier. He left it there. Around on the boards. Moulson will send it through center. Buffalo can complete a change. Fed in By Ristolainen. Down into his check. Gelinas. Pass up to New Jersey. Henrique brings it around the line and steers it around the goal. Back into the corner again. Back out to center ice. It’s cleared back and brought in by Ennis. And goes out of play.

Less than seven minutes to go here in the opening period. Dalpe tried to steal the puck away. Couldn’t do it. Jersey will get a chance to send it in, and Harrold does. Around behind the goal. Zadorov, reaching for it. Got it to Grigorenko up on the wing and cleared out to center. But taken back again by Merrill. Jon Merrill, tapping it ahead. Devils, trying to get away again. That’s broken up and flipped back out to center ice by Dalpe. Now across through the middle. And trying to get away was Ruutu. That didn’t work out for him. Zadorov, picking it up. Zadorov, sliding it up on the wing. Deslauriers, back to Zadorov. He sends it through the middle in over the line. Hodgson got it in front. Shot ripped wide of the net. A great opportunity for Brian.Gionta. And he fired it just wide. Now the Devils come up with it. Scooped around on the boards, all the way to center ice and to the Buffalo line Strachan was there to clear it. Back out to the neutral zone. Ripped it off for Greene. Wheels it right back in. Lindback lost it back there, but it’s taken away. Came to the point. Held in with another long shot! And Lindback will steer it with his catching glove and hang onto it.

5.5 minutes left. 4 shots on the board, New Jersey 3. 2 hits registered. back along the boards. Knocked away from Gelinas. New Jersey on him. Took it right on the air. Got it into the corner for Henrique who puts it back behind the net. Gomez, up with the puck. Pushing it back along the boards again to Josefson. Free in the corner. Now scooped away and sent on to center ice and Foligno. Tapping it in and chasing in after it. He battles behind the net, but it’s kicked around on the wall by Gelinas. He takes a hit from Foligno. Foligno will head off on a rest. Gomez lost it. And he got it back. Cleared through center ice. Benoit was over quickly. The pass ahead to Johan.Larsson. He feeds it through center. It’s brought in over the line. Here’s a chance now for the Sabres to drop it back. Benoit couldn’t control it. It’s kept at the blue line, kept in by Buffalo. Worked over to Larsson. Johan.Larsson, a shot! Kinkaid booted it away. Out in front again. Ennis kept it wide. Larsson swings it back around to Ennis once again. From Severson. Moulson comes over to help out. But it ends up at center ice. And it’s picked up by Tootoo. Tootoo, gaining the line. Shot deflects, goes around behind the Buffalo net. Trickles back in the corner to Zajac. He’ll leave it there. Gives it away. A pass up the middle and trying to get away is Benoit then he tries to swing it around and Ennis couldn’t get there. Back around the boards, Deslauriers stepping into Greene. Out to center gain, Zubrus attempting to get away, couldn’t do it. buf chipping it back into Grigorenko. Grigorenko in the corner. Flipped it around on the boards with New Jersy sending it onto center ice and it’s tapped free and brought back over the line with Stephen.Gionta after it. He gets hit by Zadorov. Backed around into the corner. Long shot goes off of Lindback and into the bench and out of play.

Devils keeping it in and working it down low into the corner. Quick shot kicked away into the slot area. Foligno, trying to muscle it out of the zone and he does. Varone tapped it back in. That means Weber will have to chase after it. Onto Ristolainen. Weber will pick it up again. Ristolainen charges over and battles along the boards trying to knock it free and onto center ice for Varone. Varone in over the line. Brian.Gionta almost pulled a groin staying onside. Rolling back into Buffalo zone and Strachan starts away. Strachan slides up on the wing. Brian.Gionta got it over the line but it’s tapped to center with 2 minutes remaining. Merrill will flip it across ice it’s too far for Henrique. Henrique tracks it down and gets it in behind the net to Gomez. Gomez works it around the board. Got it in front and the shot just wide of the net. Kept in by Bernier. He got it into Gomez again. back to the point it comes, long screen shot. That’s blocked and cleared away by Dalpe, getting it over the line. D'Amigo blocked the shot. A little over a minute remaining here in the opening period. Devils trying to get out of their own end. Finally do and fire it center. And it’s broken up and back to center ice. Larsson to Moulson. Moulson swings it onto Larsson. That’s stolen back and now the Devils bring it in the other direction. In over the line Zajac shot kicked away by Lindback. Johan.Larsson trying to keep it alive for Buffalo. Around on the boards. Kept in at the point by Adam.Larsson. Moulson changes after it and he drags it free and knocks it out to center ice for Ennis. Ennis getting in over the line. Going to be a penalty coming up here. Slides it in front of the net. Now the Devils coming up with the puck, and they will be shorthanded. Hooking call made going to Andy Greene.

24 seconds remaining in the period. Devils winning the draw. Meszaros pinches trying to keep it in, couldn’t do it. It went to center ice. Varone collecting it. Varone wheels it across for Hodgson. Hodgson looking in front, He flipped it back to the point, kept in by Foligno who left it along the blue line and jumps up in the air. Knocked down by meszaros. and gets as far as center, now brought in over the line by Josefson but couldn’t get any further than the Buffalo blue line, and the period ends.